samples: bluetooth: mesh: remove PM from light sample with p2p dfu configuration (#28316)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth Mesh samples
----------------------

* :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light` sample:

>   * The partition layout for the ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns`` platform is not backward compatible with the previous versions of the sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The partition layout for the ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns`` board target is not backward compatible with the previous versions of the sample.
```
